Allow tip format functions to return DOM nodes for rich text (#2444)
observablehq/plot: docs/marks/tip.md

The order and formatting of channels in the tip can be customized with the **format** option <VersionBadge version="0.6.11" pr="1823" />, which accepts a key-value object mapping channel names to formats. Each [format](../features/formats.md) can be a string (for number or time formats), a function that receives the value as input and returns a string, true to use the default format, and null or false to suppress. The order of channels in the tip follows their order in the format object followed by any additional channels. When using the **title** channel, the **format** option may be specified as a string or a function; the given format will then apply to the **title** channel. <VersionBadge version="0.6.15" pr="2074" />

> A format function may also return a DOM node instead of a string, such as an SVG tspan or anchor element (say generated with [Hypertext Literal](https://github.com/observablehq/htl)); the returned node is appended directly to the tip, allowing styled and hyperlinked rich text. <VersionBadge version="0.6.18" pr="1767" /> For example, to render the **title** channel in bold followed by a link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A format function may also return a DOM node, such as an SVG tspan or anchor element (say generated with [Hypertext Literal](https://github.com/observablehq/htl)); the returned node is appended directly to the tip, allowing styled and hyperlinked rich text. <VersionBadge pr="2444" /> For example, to render the **title** channel in bold followed by a link:
```

```js
Plot.tip(data, {
  title: "name",
  format: {
    title: (name) => htl.svg`<tspan><tspan font-weight="bold">${name}</tspan> <a fill="blue" href="/details/${name}">details</a></tspan>`
  }
})
```

> Only DOM nodes returned by a format function are treated as rich content; plain strings are always rendered as text, so this does not introduce any HTML injection. Because a returned node is appended as-is rather than measured, the **lineWidth** and **textOverflow** options do not apply to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When returning nodes, the **lineWidth** and **textOverflow** options are ignored.
```
